---
title: rack-jsonp-middleware 0.0.8 - Release Notes
disqus_title: rack-jsonp-middleware 0.0.8 - Release Notes
layout: post
keywords: rack-jsonp-middleware, rack-jsonp-middleware 0.0.8, rack jsonp, rack-jsonp-middleware release notes, rack-jsonp-middleware gem, jsonp gem
meta_desc: rack-jsonp-middleware 0.0.8 release notes.
tags: rack-jsonp-middleware, release_notes
identifier: rack-jsonp-middleware-0.0.8_release-notes
---

Adding JRuby support and being polite with "(tblank)Grape":http://rdoc.info/github/intridea/grape . 

h2. 0.0.8 Release Notes

"(tblank)mzsanford":https://github.com/mzsanford has added the nessesary changes to make *JRuby 1.6.7* happy.

Requiring @pathname@ made the trick.

"(tblank)joelmats":https://github.com/joelmats found out that we were not being kind with "(tblank)Grape":http://rdoc.info/github/intridea/grape . 

Turns out that "(tblank)Grape":http://rdoc.info/github/intridea/grape was storing the @headers['Content-Type']@ string and using it later. 
Since we were using @sub!@ we were not just changing the header value but the string used later by "(tblank)Grape":http://rdoc.info/github/intridea/grape. 
The usage of @sub@ instead (plus the the asignation of the new string) was enough. 

h2. How about you?

Are you having any problem with the "(tblank)gem":https://github.com/robertodecurnex/rack-jsonp-middleware ? 

Is there any feature you would love to be included?

Fork the "(tblank)project":https://github.com/robertodecurnex/rack-jsonp-middleware, create some "(tblank)issues":https://github.com/robertodecurnex/rack-jsonp-middleware/issues, purpose some "(tblank)features":https://github.com/robertodecurnex/rack-jsonp-middleware. Don't be shy, we would love to get your feedback.
