---
title: git 1.2.6 - Release Notes
disqus_title: git 1.2.6 - Release Notes
layout: post
keywords: git, ruby-git, git 1.2.6, ruby-git 1.2.6, git release notes, git gem, ruby-git gem
meta_desc: git 1.2.6 release notes.
tags: git, release_notes
identifier: git-1.2.6_release-notes
---

h2. Overview

Adding support to Ruby 1.9.x/2.0, JRuby 1.8/1.9 and Rubinius.  
Supporting more commands and options.

h2. 1.2.6 Release Notes

  * Ruby 1.9.X/2.0 fully supported
  * JRuby 1.8/1.9 support
  * Rubinius support
  * Git.clone options
    ** --recursive
    ** --config
  * Git.log methods
    ** []
    ** last 
  * Git.add_remote options
    ** -f
    ** -t
  * Git.add options
    ** --fore
  * Git.init options
    ** --bare
  * Git.commit options 
    ** --all
    ** --amend
  * Added Git.remote_remote, Git.revert and Git.clean 
  * Added Bundler to the formula
  * Travis configuration 
  * Licence included with the gem

h2. Contributors

  Thank you so much for all your contributions. 

  * "(tblank)agius":https://github.com/agius
  * "(tblank)AlekSi":https://github.com/AlekSi 
  * "(tblank)alexspeller":https://github.com/alexspeller
  * "(tblank)anapsix":https://github.com/anapsix
  * "(tblank)bcardarella":https://github.com/bcardarella
  * "(tblank)cczona":https://github.com/cczona
  * "(tblank)chadrosen":https://github.com/chadrosen
  * "(tblank)djdeath":https://github.com/djdeath
  * "(tblank)fasttracktool-dev":https://github.com/fasttracktool-dev
  * "(tblank)gabriel-cardoso":https://github.com/gabriel-cardoso
  * "(tblank)geoffdavis":https://github.com/geoffdavis
  * "(tblank)hyfather":https://github.com/hyfather
  * "(tblank)ivanvc":https://github.com/ivanvc
  * "(tblank)jbussdieker":https://github.com/jbussdieker
  * "(tblank)jenshz":https://github.com/jenshz
  * "(tblank)joemoore":https://github.com/joemoore
  * "(tblank)jordimassaguerpla":https://github.com/jordimassaguerpla
  * "(tblank)kaelin":https://github.com/kaelin
  * "(tblank)kkrol89":https://github.com/kkrol89
  * "(tblank)marcomorain":https://github.com/marcomorain
  * "(tblank)mikemallete":https://github.com/mikemallete 
  * "(tblank)mohitesethi":https://github.com/mohitsethi
  * "(tblank)mrVanDalo":https://github.com/mrVanDalo
  * "(tblank)petedmarsh":https://github.com/petedmarsh
  * "(tblank)schneems":https://github.com/schneems
  * "(tblank)snyff":https://github.com/snyff
  * "(tblank)tadman":https://github.com/tadman
  * "(tblank)teodor-pripoae":https://github.com/teodor-pripoae
  * "(tblank)thomasbiddle":https://github.com/thomasbiddle
  * "(tblank)tit":https://github.com/tit
  * "(tblank)utgarda":https://github.com/utgarda



Are you having any problem with the "(tblank)gem":https://github.com/schacon/ruby-git ? 

Is there any feature you would love to be included?

Fork the "(tblank)project":https://github.com/schacon/ruby-git, create some "(tblank)issues":https://github.com/schacon/ruby-git/issues, purpose some "(tblank)features":https://github.com/schacon/ruby-git/issues. Don't be shy, we would love to get your feedback.
